Blastlight - pending item ID
Low profile - moderate danger

Blastlight is a combat machine mounted on the decaying corpse of an unidentified male. The mount includes a large spot light repurposed into a head and is capable of firing blinding blasts of light and disorienting strobes. Blastlight also has a powerful speaker capable of emitting sonic blasts, and sharp metallic fingers which can cause serious damage. While these traits make blastlight a serious danger, they rely on a battery with an insufficient lifespan, and these attacks only serve to shorten that lifespan limiting their danger.

Blastlight is a capable problem solver and skilled in wiring, having on occasion recharged their battery by disconnecting some of their wiring and attaching it to other machines. But beyond that is rudimentary at best, being unable to understand words, confused by simple commands, and overwhelmed by large groups. Blastlight once examined an apple for several hours and was astonished when the owner of said apple ate it. Most situations they struggle to navigate results in violent outbursts, both against those around them and themself.

Blastlight was discovered in an abandoned building deep in the Appalachian mountains, along side several other similar creatures, of which they were the only repairable instance. The facility was scrubbed of all information on its owners and inhabitants long before Notch Foundation agents discovered it, but several blueprints depicting blastlight and their siblings. We tried to identify a designer but the blueprints matched nobody on record.

Blastlight is currently held in a warehouse Asheville North Carolina, left inactive indefinitely after an outburst that left an employee dead and 3 others in critical condition.

Psycverm - pending ID
Variable profile - low danger

The psycverm is a species of large worm like animals native to the collective unconscious and has evolved to parasitize the human consciousness.

The psycverm will latch onto a host as they pass through the collective unconscious, and enduce distressing hallucinations typically of the psycverm itself, feeding on the resulting terror. This terror will sometimes manifest as a black goo that the host will expell when built up, proximity to this ooz can cause infection. The psycverm itself is a large black worm with 3 sharp beak like jaws, with yellow human eyes along the length of its body. It has a long inner mouth/throat that can extend out from its mouth, with a slender tongue ending with a blade like tip.

The first documented psycverm infection was on February 8th 1933. A patient at Hudson River State Hospital was committed for dementia praecox, describing instances of the psycverm to the staff. Notch Foundation agents were notified of this when the patient began vomiting black goo, and other patients and staff began reporting similar hallucinations.

this aswell